#title color-theme homepage
#author "Xavier Maillard <xma@gnu.org>"
#keywords color theme, GNU emacs, muse
#project color-theme

* Introduction

color-theme-el is a GNU Emacs and XEmacs mode that provides nice and custom color
themes. You can then easily change part or all of your faces in all the modes
(providing the theme you use does effectivily define colors for the mode you
are interested in).

Here is a picture of what your GNU Emacs can look like:

*NEED A PIC HERE*

Latest version is 6.6.0

* Download
** Tarballs
You can download color-theme from:

 - http://download.savannah.nongnu.org/releases/color-theme/

There are both tar and zip files.

Note these files are gpg-signed (mandatory) against my key.

To verify the integrity of the files, just do:

<src lang="shell-script">
gpg --verify <file.sig> <file>
</src>

Replace file with color-theme-6.6.0.tar.gz or color-theme-6.6.0.zip

** Slackware package

A SlackBuild script is available at your convenience either here or
into the [[http://slackbuilds.org][slackbuilds.org]] project. I recommend any slackware
user to use the powerful sbopkg.

To use slackbuild script from slackbuilds.org website, it is as simple
as running:

<src lang="shell-script">
sbopkg -r # update your package
sbopkg -i color-theme-el
sbopkg -i color-theme-extras-el
</src>


** Debian specific (DEPRECATED)

Color theme has now his own Debian package named color-theme-el.
This is not a Debian official package so do not report bugs against
Debian. Use color theme project page for that.

So to benefit from this package, add these lines into your /etc/apt/sources.list:

Add this to your sources.list:

 deb http://zedek.nerim.net/var/spool/repo ./ 
 deb-src http://zedek.nerim.net/var/spool/repo ./

Then, ensure my key is in your keyring.

In general, you should have to add it:

:1. gpg --recv-key 1E028EA5
:2. gpg -a --export 1E028EA5 | sudo apt-key add -
:3. Verify with: sudo apt-key list
:4. apt-get update
:5. apt-get install color-theme-el

That should be enough.

* Configuration

This section suppose you have already installed color-theme-el either
using the tarball or using a package manager.

All you need to do in order to configure your color-theme-el package
is to add this to your .emacs.el file:

<src lang="emacs-lisp">
(add-to-list 'load-path "/path/to/color-theme.el/file")
(require 'color-theme)
(eval-after-load "color-theme"
  '(progn
     (color-theme-initialize)
     (color-theme-hober)))
</src>

Then you can choose your color-theme theme by issuing M-x
color-theme-<TAB> RET


* Notes

** Grabbing CVS version (DEPRECATED)

If you want to grab developement version out of CVS, just use this command:

  :cvs -d:pserver:anonymous@cvs.gna.org:/cvs/color-theme co color-theme

(For write access on the repository, ask it to me: zedek (at) gnu.org)

Note: CVS has been dropped in favor of a more decentralized and robust SCM called Mercurial. More informations to come about the way to get the source code to you.

** BUGS/Wishlist

See the [[http://gna.org/bugs/?group=color-theme][bug-tracking]] interface for current bugs.
Wishlist items are those with a severity of 1.

Please use these tools to report problems and do not send mail personally to
me. These tools are there in order to be able to track them all. On
the contrary, my spam filter may catch your mail to me. So if you
really want something to be added/fixed, use the Right tool.
 
** Help & mailing-list

You can find help on the [[http://www.emacswiki.org/cgi-bin/wiki/ColorTheme][EmacsWiki color-theme page]].

For your convenience, we have created two mailing-list:

1. One used to follow color-theme-el development
2. One dedicated to common user questions, helps, contributions

Please visit [[https://gna.org/mail/?group=color-theme][color-theme-el mailing-list page]] for instructions on subscribing to them.

* Tasks
** DONE Add color-theme.el to the download section
   CLOSED: [2006-05-22 lun 00:00]
  

** DONE Create a website for Color Theme
   CLOSED: [2006-05-28 dim 23:00]
** DONE Add a header to color-theme-library.el
   CLOSED: [2006-05-22 lun 00:01]
** TODO Add info file
** DONE Add README file
   CLOSED: [2006-05-28 dim 22:14]
** DONE Add NEWS file
   CLOSED: [2006-05-28 dim 22:14]
** TODO Add LEGAL/COPYING file (GPL license)
   CLOSED: [2006-05-22 lun 00:07]
** DONE Prepare 6.6.0 release
   CLOSED: [2006-05-28 dim 22:14]
** TODO Add distro specific build files
** TODO Add THANKS list
   Name it CREDITS.themes
** TODO Cleanup code
** TODO Post on gnu.emacs.source
** DONE Add makefile
   CLOSED: [2006-05-28 dim 23:00]
** DONE Add autoload cookies
   CLOSED: [2006-05-22 lun 00:19]

** TODO Make color-theme-submit more intelligent
   QUOTE: ask for theme name
          add bytecompile directives
          offer to add the theme in list of color-themes
** TODO Add Makefile to ease installation
** TODO Add distro build scripts
** TODO Separate themes: one theme == one file

** DONE Add HACKING notice
   CLOSED: [2006-05-28 dim 23:01]
** DONE Tag cvs with RELEASE_$(VERSION)
   CLOSED: [2006-05-28 dim 23:01]
** TODO Add TODO file
** DONE Add BUGS file
   CLOSED: [2006-05-28 dim 22:13]
** TODO Report bugs on debian against emacs-goodies-el
   Ask for color-theme.el removal
** TODO ITP on Debian for color-theme-el
** DONE Put color-theme-library.el into themes
   CLOSED: [2006-05-28 dim 22:13]
** TODO Split color-theme-library.el
   Split it into as many theme files as there are themes
** TODO Rework all themes so that it uses define-color-theme


** TODO Inform users/developpers of CVS to Mercurial migration
** TODO Add a small tutorial to use color-theme-el mercurial repository
** TODO Inform users of mailing-lists existence
** TODO Add slackbuild
** TODO Change debian repository from nerim to gna
   QUOTE: follow [[https://gna.org/cookbook/?func=detailitem&item_id=118]["Creating an apt repo on Gna!"]]

