#title color-theme homepage
#author "Xavier Maillard <xma@gnu.org>"
#keywords color theme, GNU emacs, muse
#project color-theme
#lastchange 2009-04-14 [00:30]

* Introduction

color-theme-el is a GNU Emacs and XEmacs mode that provides nice and custom color
themes. You can then easily change part or all of your faces in all the modes
(providing the theme you use does effectivily define colors for the mode you
are interested in).

* Releases

** Current stable release

Current stable release is 6.6.0

** Future versions

Describe plans here.

* Download
** Tarballs
You can download color-theme from:

 http://download.savannah.nongnu.org/releases/color-theme/

There are both tar and zip files.

Note these files are gpg-signed (mandatory) against my key.

To verify the integrity of the files, just do:

<src lang="shell-script">
gpg --verify <file.sig> <file>
</src>

Replace file with color-theme-6.6.0.tar.gz or color-theme-6.6.0.zip

** Slackware package

A SlackBuild script is available at your convenience either here or
into the [[http://slackbuilds.org][slackbuilds.org]] project. I recommend any slackware
user to use the powerful sbopkg.

To use slackbuild script from slackbuilds.org website, it is as simple
as running:

<src lang="shell-script">
sbopkg -r # update your package
sbopkg -i color-theme-el
sbopkg -i color-theme-extras-el
</src>


** Debian specific (out of date)

Color theme has now his own Debian package named color-theme-el.
This is not a Debian official package so do not report bugs against
Debian. Use color theme project page for that.

So to benefit from this package, add these lines into your /etc/apt/sources.list:

Add this to your sources.list:

<src lang="shell-script">
deb http://zedek.nerim.net/var/spool/repo ./ 
deb-src http://zedek.nerim.net/var/spool/repo ./
</src>

Then, ensure my key is in your keyring.

In general, you should have to add it:

:1. gpg --recv-key 1E028EA5
:2. gpg -a --export 1E028EA5 | sudo apt-key add -
:3. Verify with: sudo apt-key list
:4. apt-get update
:5. apt-get install color-theme-el

That should be enough.

* Configuration

This section suppose you have already installed color-theme-el either
using the tarball or using a package manager.

All you need to do in order to configure your color-theme-el package
is to add this to your .emacs.el file:

<src lang="emacs-lisp">
(add-to-list 'load-path "/path/to/color-theme.el/file")
(require 'color-theme)
(eval-after-load "color-theme"
  '(progn
     (color-theme-initialize)
     (color-theme-hober)))
</src>

Then you can choose your color-theme theme by issuing M-x
color-theme-<TAB> RET


* Specific notes

** Development

Development is hosted on [[http://savannah.nongnu.org/projects/color-theme][savannah color-theme project]].

color-theme is using GNU Bazaar to ease interaction between
developers.

In order to submit your patches, you will need to branch from our
repository and either send your patch or commit directly (provided you
have been granted to do so).

(For a write access onto the repository either bug me on savannah or
ask it to me: mailto:xma@gnu.org?subject="write access in color-theme"

** BUGS/Wishlist

To track issues and bugs, we are using savannah bug-tracking system
(see the menu). You can either consult current opened bugs, add one or
fix one (best of all).

Wishlist items are those with a severity of 1. You can submit a bug
including the possible solution (patch).

 Please use these tools to report problems and do not send mail
 personally to me. These tools are there in order to be able to track
 them all. On the contrary, my spam filter may catch your mail to me.
 So if you really want something to be added/fixed, use the Right
 tool.
 
** Help & mailing-list

You can find help on the [[http://www.emacswiki.org/cgi-bin/wiki/ColorTheme][EmacsWiki color-theme page]].

For your convenience, we have created two mailing-list:

 - One used to follow color-theme-el development
 - One dedicated to common user questions, helps, contributions

Please visit [[https://savannah.nongnu.org/mail/?group=color-theme][color-theme-el mailing-list page]] for instructions on subscribing to them.
